IMPORTANT(usage): clear your cookiestore before start using this extension

Cookie sets and accesses are intercepted and modified so that each cookie has a built-in pseudonym ID, making them unique to the particular website/pseudonym pair. Accesses through JavaScript getters and setters are overridden by custom JavaScript functions. HTTP requests and responses are similarly intercepted by Chrome’s extension framework.(see externsion_arch.pdf)

The key mechanism in this extension is that a request can only access cookies with same pseudonym ID tag. Or, when the request has a pseudonym ID on a highly priority level to the pseudonym ID of a cookie. Examples are like, 1) the request has a pseudonym ID "root" 2) the cookie has a pseudonym "public", etc. We can develop complicated hierarchy if we want.

Some polices we already have in the current extension are:

1, Stop cross-domain tracking of thirdparty cookie while keep same domain tracking effective: All cookies from iframe from another domain(domain2)(different from the tab's url domain(domain1)) will be tagged with pseudonym ID "ThirdParty:domain2". So when the HTTP interceptor finds a "ThirdParty:domain2" cookie, it compares "domain2" with the current domain name. The cookie will be dropped if unmatched.

1, Separate login cookies based on user behavior: When log into gmail on tab1, all the cookies there will be tagged with pseudonym ID "tab1". So user could log into gmail, google plus, etc with another account in tab2, because tab2 only has a pseudonym ID "tab2" thus cannot keep away from "tab1" cookies. On the other hand, if the tab2 is generated by user clicking a hyperlink in tab1(which indicates the user want to the same account), tab2 would have both the pseudonym ID of "tab1" and "tab2", and will load the page with "tab1" cookies automatically.
